Doc: Update of the Perlmutter Filesystem Note (#3839)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: Docs/source/install/hpc/perlmutter.rst

Please follow the same process as for :ref:`NERSC Cori post-processing <post-processing-cori>`.
**Important:** The *environment + Jupyter kernel* must separate from the one you create for Cori.

> The Perlmutter ``$PSCRATCH`` filesystem as Cori's ``$SCRATCH`` are available on Jupyter. You can also use the Community FileSystem (CFS) from everywhere.

Reviewer: Thank you for the update!

How about the following slight update to clarify a bit more?
```suggestion
The Perlmutter ``$PSCRATCH`` filesystem is only available on *Perlmutter* Jupyter nodes.
Likewise, Cori's ``$SCRATCH`` filesystem is only available on *Cori* Jupyter nodes.
You can use the Community FileSystem (CFS) from everywhere.
```

Author: Yes, absolutely, it's clearer!
